Oh
so thinking about getting into Leslie
what server are we doing valium yeah I
help you now we you know Oh
wave
and the only one actually
trying to do something with my
life just because you don't have any
ambition and I'm trying to make a name
for myself doesn't mean you get right in
here on a high horse my bearish
choice peanut rehearse with her lover
exploiting for her snobbery sporty girl
I'm Nick whimsy missing she lives hey
knife signorina eva la survie what I
give up
Thanks I couldn't have done it without
you was her read namaz look yeah seems
everyone
going down and every there
so I'm the greatest
Rick
reigning champion ever so
you